Update Sigma CLI validation instructions in CONTRIBUTING.md (#6156)
SigmaHQ/sigma: CONTRIBUTING.md

   python tests/test_rules.py
   ```

>    3.3. **Sigma CLI validation** - runs schema and validation checks using [Sigma CLI](https://github.com/SigmaHQ/sigma-cli). Run this if you have `sigma` with `pySigma-validators-sigmaHQ` installed:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   3.3. **Sigma CLI validation** - runs schema and validation checks using Sigma CLI. Run this if you have the [sigma-cli](https://github.com/SigmaHQ/sigma-cli) and [pySigma-validators-sigmahq](https://github.com/SigmaHQ/pySigma-validators) Python packages installed:
```
Just being more precise here
